Who do you like and why?
If you could write an autobiography, what would the contents page be?
If you could watch two historical figures have a conversation, who would they be and what would they talk about?
What is the oldest item in your house?
What hobby would you be most likely to turn into a small business?
If you could have a lifetime supply of one premium item (i.e the best of one thing), what would it be?
Which foreign city would you live/work in?
What superpower would you have?
Would you rather understand all languages, but only speak English, or speak all languages but only understand English?
What strange food combination do you enjoy?
What is the quality you most appretiate in a friend?
What kind of girl/boy are u looking for?
What qualities for yourself would you like to have in 5 yrs?
What is your biggest regret?
When was the last time you cried and why?
What are you longing for in the future?
What is your greatest fear if you get into a relationship?
What is your greatest fear in your friendships?
Who is one person in your past you wish u could talk with again?
What do u think is essential for a good marriage?
What has been on your mind the most the last month?
What is your greatest weakness?
What is your greatest strength?
If you could do another degree, what would you do?
What is the happiest moment in your life?
Would you like to be famous?
If you could change anything about the way you were raised, what would it be?
For what in your life do you feel most grateful?
Is there something that you’ve dreamed of doing for a long time?
If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are now living?
What, if anything, is too serious to be joked about?
If you could tell everyone in the world something at the same time, what would it be?
What is something people often misunderstand about you?
What's something you did for the first time this year?
What's something you want to learn to do?
What's post-millenialism?
If you could go back in time. Where would you go and why?
What's an experience that's shaped who you are today?
How would you describe the modern dating scene?
What's the hardest truth you have had to face this year?
If you were a default app on your phone, what would you be and why?
What have you been reading in the bible lately?
Who was the last person you apologised to?
Whats one thing you find hard to be joyful in?
How far is too far to travel to church?
Who is one person you want to get closer with?
When is the last time you spoke to someone about the gospel?
What does worship mean to you?
Who would you set up with your sibling/s?
Are you currently reading the bible with someone?
What have you been praying for lately?
What are your strength and weaknesses?
Do you value compassion or empathy more?
What is the best compliment that you have received?
Who is in your zombie apocalypse dream team and why?
What is one way someone can help you read more of the bible?
What are 2 words you'd love to be described as?
Have you read through the whole bible?
Do you geniunely enjoy reading the bible?
What's your favourite store to visit?
What is one dream you've given up on and why?
What do you think it means to be a good member of the church?
Are you a conversation intiater or enabler?
What were your childhood dreams?
Are you an extrovert or an introvert?
What was the last mistake you learnt from?
What is the best compliment that you could received?
Would you live with yourself if you were one of your friends?
Can you use brackets in the train number game?
Do you return the shopping trolley after you're done using it?
What is the biggest lesson you learnt from your parents?
If you had to delete all your social media except one, which one would you keep?
How connected are you with your culture?
If you had to choose between Aussie and another culture, which would you choose?
If you could talk to anyone in history, who would you talk to and why?
Would you send your kid to private school?
Would you give up a limb for a million dollars, if so, which one?
How gangsta is too gangsta?
Why do you post on social media?
If you could have a super power that you could only use for selfish purposes (nothing heroic) what would it be and how would you use it?
How do you wish to be complimented by others?
On social media, is it okay to add friends that you don't know in real life?
What are the top 5 things you spend the most money on?
What's one goal you want to achieve this year?
What's your favourite dress code?
How much media consumption is too much?
Who was the person who influenced your life the most and why?
Which married couple do you admire most and why?
What are the highlights and lowlights of your week?
What is one topic/area/ possession that you are almost too obsessively into?
Would you rather be ugly with a good personality or beautiful with a bad personality?
Who is your closest friend of the opposite gender?
What's another language you want to speak?
What would your ideal phone number be?
If you could choose a movie to depict your life, what would it be?
What are your pet peeves?
Are you a diligent worker/student?
What's one warning you wish you knew about your significant other or closest friend before you met them?
Describe one good reason to scream loudly in public.
What's one job you would like to try once, without any repercussions?
On average, how much time do you think you spend on your phone a day?
Would you rather know when or how you die?
If you had a pet parrot and you could only teach it one phrase, what would you teach it?
If you could revive one celebrity but had to sacrifice another, who would you revive and who would you sacrifice?
Do you think the COVID vaccine could be the mark of the beast?
Which suburb would you live in, if you had a choice?
What are your non-negotiables when looking for a church?
Spotify, apple music or youtube premium?
Name your top 5 favourite train/ metro stations?
What are the top 3 things/ areas you spend your time in?
What do you think separates Christianity from other religions?
KFC nuggets or McDonalds nuggets?
What are your most expensive possessions?
Is there something that a lot of people hate that you actually like?
How much money do you spend on coffee each week?
How do you feel about compliments?
Where do you see yourself living next?
Do you wish you grew up in another country?
What would it take for you to relinquish all social media?
What are your thoughts on soulmates?
Have you ever read the terms and conditions?
If you had a one use time machine, when would you go?
What would you do if you met someone you thought was your soulmate but they lived overseas?
If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Justify your current spending habits.
If you had a chance to know how/when you would die, would you want to know?
What's your most embarrassing moment in high school?
If you can only buy your clothes from one brand, (you have endless credit there) where would it be?
How do you help someone who struggles with feelings of loneliness?
What's one cuisine you couldn't live without?
If you had a chance to remove one part of history, what would it be?
Do you tend to trust ugly people more than beautiful people?
A person gets off the train leaving money behind, what amount of money would be left behind for you to pocket it and what amount of money would be left behind for you to hand it in?
Is it wrong for a christian to be wealthy?
Is it wrong to read religious texts outside of your religion?
If you were to move overseas right now, who would you miss the most?
What is something you like talking about?
What's one thing you were bullied for that is now trendy?
What's one thing people say in your profession that's a lie?
Why do you go to this church (What makes you stay at this church)?
Who do you need to be more patient with?
Whats the biggest thing you look for in a partner?
What were you last rebuked about?
What is one flaw of your parents that you take after?
How do you think the world perceives christianity?
What are you best qualified to give advice on?
Explain the tension of living in your parent's household as an adult.
How would you judge the success of a church?
Whats something that you're bad at taking initiative in?
How do you ask someone out well?
What is the most attractive personality trait of someone of the opposite sex?
Which quadrant of: bible, experience, logic, church, do you gravitate most towards to guide your christian life?
How do you rebuke well?
What is something that someone has done to make you feel welcomed?
Do you enjoy growth group, sunday gathering or one-on-ones most?
What do you need to repent from?
What does it mean to you, to be a godly sibling?
Are you a door mat or a door knob?
Would you move out if you had the chance?
Whats one thing that has made you a stronger person?
What is the most fun/enjoyable part of church life?
If you had an extra 2-3 hours in your week, which ministry would you commit to?
Where do you see your christian life in 5 years time?
What did you last rebuke someone about?
How do you breakup well?
List 5 traits you look for in a partner.
What is stopping you from doing more ministry?
What do you find the most difficult to have self control in?
Would you rather serve where your strengths are or where there is need?
What is most attractive to you in a person?
Do you wish to be in a clique?
How would you describe a close friend?
Whats your biggest insecurity?
What does it mean for you to welcome a newcomer at church?
Whats one thing that has made you a weaker person?
What is 1 parenting practice that you want to emulate as a parent?
What part of ministry do you find most tiring?
What is an event that has humbled you most?
When was the last time you cried and why?
Whats one thing you would change about yourself?
Do you get along with people better through shared joy or shared anxiety?
What do you wish people would say at your funeral?
What do you find hardest about rebuking someone?
What is top physically attractive trait of someone of the opposite sex?
Are you currently being trained to be better equipped with the gospel?
What do you need to take more responsibility in?
How would you answer a newcomer who asks, "Whats one thing I need to know about this church?
How geniune are you when you welcome people?
What traits should a leader have?
What's one part of the Christian life that you don't take seriously enough?
Who of your same-gender friends would you marry if you were the opposite gender and why?
Which part of the bible do you hate the most and why?
Do you prefer leading or submitting?
What do you think is the most important part of music ministry?
Whats the difference between christian growth and ministry performance?
Do you feel like you could be doing more ministry?
What is one unpopular Christian opinion you have?
Whats something that you're good at taking initiative in?
Whats the area of your life that you're most discontent with and why?
If you could make a new ministry group, what would it be and why?
What do you pride yourself in and why?
Who is one person you want to share the gospel with?
Do you agree with all your church's mission statements, why or why not?
Who would make your best man/maid of honour?
How do you reject someone well?
Would you rather underestimate or overestimate someones capabilties?p
Do you feel more/less mature for your age?
What part of your personality has held you back?
What strategies do you use to help you stay disciplined?
Where do you gravitate towards when it comes to your attitude towards evangelism?
Whats one reason you might leave your current church?
What is one unique secondary gospel issue/opinion that you have?
What stops you from sharing the gospel?
What do you think your friends think about your faith?
What is one thing that you admire about someone in this group and why?
What area do you feel most immature in?
If you were one day arrested without any explanation, what would your friends and family members assumed you had done?
Does your own self esteem match what other perceive your self esteem to be?
How godly is the music you listen to?
Where does your money go?
What does it mean to have healthy guy/girl relationships?
What are your thoughts on the 'cancel culture'?
What are your thoughts on swearing?
How do you balance saving and giving?
How much of your social media use functions as a pacifer?
Which culture do you wish you were more a part of?
How much do you think a full time minister should get paid?
What makes you feel the most FOMO?
Who would you have dinner with, dead or alive and what would you drink with them?
If you secretly won the lottery, what would you do?
Do you feel like you have more testosterone or oestrogen?
Is appreciation of art over rated?
Is it better to/ would you prefer to have a few close friends or many friendly acquaintances?
What are your thoughts on long distance relationships?
Should an artist's controversial past stop you from consuming their work?
Did Jesus promote socialism?
Should a christian kill for their country?
What do you think other people are attracted to in you?
Who are you most vulnerable with and why?
Are there any good reasons to swear?
How can you tell that you're being friend zoned?
Do you tend to have higher or lower expectations of others compared to yourself?
Are you content with your salary?
How much of your self esteem affects your self worth?
Which of your friends would you live with?
If you could try any illicit drug without experiencing any of the negative consequences, would you try?
What are you most confident in?
What's something you're hesitant to tell people?
If you could know everything about a person, who would it be?
What's your most prominent love language?
What is your culture's expression of affection?
How important is status to you?
Is there such thing as godly comparison?
How has your upbringing shaped you as a person?
Who's one person you would be willing to go to jail for?
What would you be like if you weren't a Christian?
Do you think social media has changed the way you see yourself?
How do your cultural differences affect your conduct at church?
Why do you compliment other people?
Is it sinful to take a course just for passion as opposed to social good?
What would you do if your ex wanted to return a hoodie after a long time?
How expensive is too expensive a gift for someone you are dating?
When do your cultural conditions overtake your Christian convictions?
What's one cultural expectation you find burdensome?
Is it ok to be proud of your nation as a Christian?
Does social media increase/decrease your FOMO?
What's the difference between being nice and being flirty?
Do you ever wish to be the opposite gender?
Should christians go into politics?
How does your family dynamic affect the way you relate to your friends?
What about your friends do you love/appreciate the most?
Is it bad or sinful to consume media that conflict with Christian values?
What does it take for you to feel vulnerable around others?
Is burnout a real thing?
What does it mean to be a godly man/woman?
Do you think diversity should be enforced at work, school?
Do christians have an obligation to take care of their physical health?
When do you love yourself the most and why?
To what extent do you judge someone by their culture/ heritage?
What are thoughts on gyming?
On what morals do you vote for your political leaders?
Describe yourself outside of what you do for a living.
Do you tend to gravitate towards people of the same culture?
If you were handed everything you ever wanted without having put in any effort, would you take it?
What is one lesson that work has taught you?
Social media, do the benefits outweigh the costs/ downfalls?
Do you give to the work of the gospel?
Do you think the rich should give more to the poor?
If you found out definitively that God didn't exist, how would that change your life?
What's one cultural expectation you think you exceed in?
If you could switch lives with one person, who would it be?
How do you vent?
Who have you recently unfollowed/ followed on social media and why?
What is the purpose of you having each social media app?
How do you usually compliment others?
What's one life lesson that's stuck with you?
What's the biggest lesson you learnt about communication?
Does social media increase/decrease your feeling of loneliness?
What's the best way to pursue someone you like?
In what ways do you think you are similar/different to your parents?
Is it ok to be proud of your culture?
In what ways do you serve your family members as a christian?
How much money is too much to spend on clothes?
Is it okay for christians to be competitive when playing sports?
Do you start your day on your phone?
Do you care about your privacy on social media?
How can we better educate people on mental health issues?
What's a good way to receive a compliment?
How often do you need to spend time with your friends for them to remain as your friends?
Describe a time you dealt with conflict well.
Do you feel closer to friends or family?
What's one aspect of another culture you wish you were a part of?
What's one thing you're looking forward to next week?
Would you rather die early honourably or lie a long but mediocre life?
How far would you go for a friend?
What's one conspiracy theory that you hold true?
What's one part of your culture you want to unlearn?
Rate your self esteem out of 10.
Summarise your life in a sentence.
What is one thing a stranger has said to you that has stuck with you?
What does look like to be humble?
Who do you need to forgive?
Do you find yourself wanting to talk more or talk less?
If you died right now, what would you regret?
What's the boundary between liking someone and simping?
Are you a joyful giver?
What are your thoughts on investing in stocks as a Christian?
What role should charity play in the christian church?
Is your speech seasoned with salt. How can you make your speech seasoned with salt?
What's the hardest part about breakups?
Whats a practical way you can support people who suffer abroad?
If you could develop any skill without any effort, what would it be?
What do you use to organise your life?
What do you think is the ideal age to get married and why?
Were the ten commandments written so people could flourish in society or for them to realise they couldn't flourish in society?
Under what circumstance would you become vegan?
How do/ would you combat FOMO?
Are you guided more by emotions or logic?
Is ambition a good thing for christians?
Has social media improved/decreased your quality of life?
Where does your sense of worth come from?
Who is an example of a godly man and woman in your life?
Where do animals go when they die?
How can you be more gracious in the way that you speak?
Which of your good characteristics will become redundant in heaven?
What does it mean to be a hardworking Christian in your work place?
In which environments do you feel most helpful and useful?
What's one personal boundary that you wish you kept better?
How do you console/comfort non-christians who are going through a lot of suffering?
What is your current media rabbit hole?
Do you follow social media more than you follow the news?
What's one thing you would change about your life experience?
Does free will exist?
Why do you think language gear towards males?
Is nationalism inherently bad?
At what point in your life would you be content with dying?
How would you want to die?
What physical loss of function would affect you most as a person?
To what extent is self care sinful?
How has your upbringing impacted on the way you give and receive love?
What are the perks and downfalls of dating your best friend?
Do you tend to have higher or lower expectations of yourself?
Should Christians go into the entertainment business, Why or why not and how far?
What's the hardest thing about being a man/woman?
Would you consider buddism a religion or a lifestyle and why?
Is your social media persona different to yourself in real life?
Do you see yourself as a role model?
Which part of your culture do you feel most proud of?
If you were in a fight until the death with another person, would you kill them?
What's the next step in you growing as a godly man/woman?
Do you think it's healthy to compare yourself with others?
Whats one thing that breaks you?
How much of your personality affects your expectation of people serving you?
Whats the biggest event in your life that has shaped you as a person?
Whats the driest part about your church?
What kind of person would not be naturally welcomed at your church and why?
What part of your church culture would you change and why?
What would people say at your funeral?
Are there certain things that should exclude a person from leadership?
What does the characteristic that you admire say about you?
What do you find important in a leader?
What is a topic, do you think, is too focused on/over-emphasised in your church?
Which was your hardest break up and why?
What would people miss about you if you left church?
What topic, do you think, is not focused on enough at your church?
Whats the driest part about Christian living?
Do you like the way music is run at your church?
What would your christian self 3 years ago think about your christian self today?
Do you think people at church know you well, What makes you feel like a part of your church if you do?
What is 1 non-negotiable characteristic that you look for in a partner that is also deficient in you?
Describe the ideal role that you'd like to play in other peoples lives.
How important is physical attraction to you in a relationship?
If you don't have the mental capacity (disability, babies) to believe in God, is it fair that they go to hell for not believing, do they go to hell for not believing?
How has your job shaped your view of today's society/ culture?
How often do you ask questions because you're just nosy?
How does your personality change between when you're with family and when you're in other groups of people?
What's one thing you wish people knew about you?
Is it healthy to limit your identity to one ideology?
Where do we draw the line between helping and patronising people with disabilities?
What is your highest and deepest expression of emotional safety?
Why do you think socialism is so prevalent now?
What would you do if you found out in utero, that your child was going to live a very poor quality of life (disability, illness)?
What do you wish was included in either the masculine or feminine stereotype and why?
Is it okay for people to bring their religious views into the public domain?
What's one expectation you had of people that you no longer hold?
Do you wish social media existed?
What's one thing you've done to save face that you're most ashamed about?
How many times would you get rejected for the man/woman of your dreams?
Is it unloving for your husband/ wife to refuse to take care of themselves, under the assumption that they will be unconditionally loved by their partner?
Does mental health ever excuse/ justify bad behaviour?
What is your culture's model of sharing weaknesses and vulnerabilities?
If you were given an opportunity to live your dream life, but you had to give up your old (current) life in exchange, would you take it?
What's one thing you wish people didn't know about you?
Can humans ever express righteous anger?
How does a christian faithfully enjoy the fruits of their labour?
If you could make a Ted Talk on any topic, what would it be?
What's your favourite form of validation?
How many genders are there and can gender be fluid?
Why have you been attending/ not attending church?
Should christians get involved in social activism?
How does one keep emotionally pure in a romantic and/or friend relationship?
What do you need to let go of in your life and why?
Would you discipline your children the way you were disciplined?
Does the end justify the means?
When do you feel least loveable and why?
Do you think Christians will go to hell if they commit suicide?
Can you remain friends with your ex?
What kind of people do you attract?
Is identity politics problematic?
What do you think is the most significant event thats going to happen in the next 5 years?
Is it bad to not attempt to convert all your non-christian friends?
In what circumstance is it okay for a Christian to get divorced?
If someone tells you that an action you're doing is a stumbling block but isn't actually a sin, how you obligated to stop that action?
What's one misconception people have about you?
What is a flaw in your culture that has created a deficiency in you?
Do you think there is a correlation between mental health illnesses and social media use?
Is euthanasia ethical for someone who is really suffering?
What would say at the eulogy of someone you don't like.
Is equality of outcome more important than equal opportunity?
Is it okay to physically discipline your kids?
How much of your self esteem comes from peoples' perspectives of you?
What is your favorite internet service provider?